[Music]
tell me why do you say to a painter
because I love painting I have to paint
I've always been a painter that I know
upon painter
yes how do you know
because I can't do anything else then
believe me I've tried I think myself as
an exile
you're Vincent yes sales brother I'm
Paul Gauguin we have to start a
revolution do you understand we have to
create a new vision a new way of
painting I spent all my life alone in a
Rome I'd like to find a new light for
paintings that we haven't yet seen
there's something inside me I don't know
what it is
what I say nobody else sees your
stranger here they drink too much your
starid go out of control I don't want to
calm down
it's called the act of painting for a
reason don't you see that this painting
is unpleasant
the townspeople has signed a petition
against you they don't want you to come
back I can't stay here Vincent
you're surrounded by stupid wicked
ignorant people
- that's the reason why you got off um
my vision of the world is quite
frightening isn't it yes
sometimes I feel so far away from
everything I think I'm losing my mind
sometimes they say I'm mad but a grain
of madness is the best of art
do you believe that God gave you the
gift of payment to keep you in misery I
never thought about it that way
maybe God made me a painter for people
who aren't born yet tell me brother
my good painter not a good thing to pass
on you're a great painter I wanted so
much to share what I say
now I just think about my relationship
to Eternity
[Music]